GSOC final report (#112)
wagtail/wagtail-live: docs/gsoc_report.md

# Google Summer of Code 2021 report

The goal of the Wagtail Live project was to propose a flexible open-source liveblogging tool.

A live blog is a blog providing real-time updates on an ongoing event.

> As part of the GSOC program, my mentors and I have spent summer 2021 working on it.

Reviewer: Although it's called "Google Summer of Code", I think it's best practice to specify the months, rather than the season, as it's winter for half the planet :)

- [Add image support to webapp](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail-live/pull/67)

It's still a work in progress.

Related Issues:

- [API receiver - webapp authentication](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail-live/issues/105)
- [webapp documentation](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail-live/issues/107)

## Current state of the project

We've met most of the expectations outlined in the initial proposal. However, there is still some work to do. I have opened [issues](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail-live/issues) decribing what's left to do.

We would like to have more users try Wagtail Live and give us feedback.

It would also be nice to have new contributors add more receivers/publishers.

## Tests and documentation

We added documentation and tests for most of the functionalities proposed.

The documentation is available at [https://wagtail.github.io/wagtail-live/](https://wagtail.github.io/wagtail-live/).

From [this PR](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail-live/pull/104), the project is 100% covered. 

Tests can be found in the `tests` module [here](https://github.com/wagtail/wagtail-live/tree/main/tests).

## Talks

> I've been proposed to present the project at the What's New in Wagtail webinar. The recording can be found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ7Gx8b7ac4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I was asked to present the project at the What's New in Wagtail webinar. The recording can be found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ7Gx8b7ac4).
```

> I'm also delivering a talk at the [Djangocon US online event](https://2021.djangocon.us/) taking place on October 21-23.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm also delivering a talk at the [Djangocon US conference](https://2021.djangocon.us/), which will take place on October 21-23, 2021.
```

## Feelings

> From technicals skills to soft skills, I've learned a lot in this project. To name a few:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From technical skills to soft skills, I've learned a lot in this project. To name a few:
```

> - Django and Wagtail's internals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Django and Wagtail internals
```

We have also received nice help from Nick Lee (Senior designer at Torchbox) and Andy Babic [@ababic](https://github.com/ababic).

## Links

> [Pypi](https://pypi.org/project/wagtail-live/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/wagtail-live/)
```
